[0.85] Hey, my name is Manuel, and I'm gonna give you a quick and informative tour of this advanced automation system for sending out emails.
[11.45] In this case, this system handles sending emails through a contact list found in an Excel file. We don't handle this part, Shopify fulfillment takes care of it.
[23.63] But anyway, let's dive into each of these. Well, it wouldn't be done manually anymore. It would just be the automation that lets us scrape each of those Instagram profiles, pull those followers, and run them through a classification until they meet the parameters for us to send and save them directly
[49.43] to AirTable. So this would handle that part, and this part of Phase 1 is already ready, which is this one, where we scrape those users and extract the content from each of them.
[61.85] And we evaluate it and save it in AirTable if they meet all the conditions. That would be the main functionality of this first workflow, then each of these would appear.
[74.25] Each of these followers who in this case would already be influencers, where here in this system, in the air table where they're saved, we would approve or not approve those profiles, depending on each of the needs, for example, if it fits the right category, if it's within the target within the followers
[98.53] . Within the average view. So, well, here it would be up to the person or the manager to decide if it's approved or rejected in this case.
[107.95] For example, here we have waiting approval. Here we'd have a view where we can see who's next to be approved.
[115.09] Here we have the ones already approved, and here we have the ones that already have a Shopify order in this case.
[121.61] case, this manual is the test. These are actual users, and here we have the mention section, which is where the counter for each post and story that influencer as uploaded is, right?
[134.83] And here are the ones that have been rejected. Only the rejected column and the notes would show up. Anyway, to go a bit deeper into all this air table logistics, it's in the document we're going to present to you.
[147.83] And so, well, what happens if I approve a user here? For example, I click Approve here, and when I approve, it would enter a Google Sheet System Automation, where I'd save that user to be approved, then start sending them the follow-up.
[164.63] For example, here we already have several automations that have been run. When you click Approve, a Google Sheet is sent, so these can be sent for follow-up, which would be this second step.
[176.87] The second step would represent the seed scale part, which would be this, automated email outreach. So, well, it would be this part where the follow-up would be done.
[188.69] Here the Google Sheet Trigger starts and each of these comes in and brings the person's name. If they're in the email, the welcome message is sent and that Google Sheet data is updated.
[199.87] which would be here in a proof when it was the first time a first follow-up date was sent, and here the date would be saved where the first follow-up was sent, and here we have in the second column when was the last time that follow-up was sent.
[217.81] So we have here that the date is updated, the field we just saw, and here the welcome message is sent.
[224.13] But in this case, the welcome message is a static message, where we offer our service and ask for their shipping address.
[231.85] Here, we have what would be schedule triggering. This is already part of the follow-up. It will be called every noon, where we check if these profiles already meet the criteria of three days having passed, they have an email, and it hasn't been sent before, and they haven't passed the follow-up part.
[250.93] they enter this loop and messages start being sent. In this case, depending on the client, whatever state they're in the follow-up, they'll be sent the first or the second or the third or the fourth or the fifth and so on sequentially with each of the clients to send the follow-up.
[268.45] So, well, that would be the second part. So, well, that happens when we approve and send the welcome message and the follow-up part starts.
[277.71] And, well, here you can see the live data of how many follow-up messages have been sent, how many if a welcome message has already been sent to that person, and also how many times they've replied to that email, which would be this response to an address.
[293.13] Okay, this would handle the follow-up and setting the welcome message. We have points three and four, and if we look at points three and four in seed scale, we have the AI-powered response handling, meaning it would reply to the emails as they respond to us, and that order would be automatically created
[308.97] and Shopify. We have here this third and fourth point. We have this automation that replies to those messages from that client.
[317.81] We have some validations and chat GPT would extract that information that address where we have and where we have chat GPT extract that address where we check if it actually has an address.
[332.41] If it doesn't have an address, a message is automatically sent to chat GPT to analyze the response the client sent to ask for the shipping address again.
[342.61] If the client sent us their shipping address, if the client sends us their shipping address, we review that data, we review it through chat GPT, and we create the final Shopify order and update it in the file.
[356.67] Which would go into this table? The Shopify one, where we save the Shopify order for them, when that order was created, the Shopify order, which would be the Shopify order in the link, where we can directly access the Shopify for that order, you know, to see it here and save it here directly.
[376.49] And will the day arrive? That package, I mean, the package at their house and, uh, when was the last time I reminded them about that mention, like to please mention us.
[389.69] So, well, this would be part number three and four of automatically responding to messages. And depending on whether they give us their shipping address or not, to give it that continuity, for example, here in Approved, I have here, for example, this user, Daniela Davison, she sent us four responses,
[407.49] we already sent them, and we managed to get her shipping address. So, well, it's saved here in Shopify, and here, well, here we can already see the order that's generated directly.
[418.71] So, well, for the next point, 5 and 6, the Shopify part would handle it, which I understand will be both doing the fulfillment, sending the package, and confirming that order.
[430.85] In Shopify, that it already arrived. So now, we would handle the automating post-delivery follow-up content tracking part, which would be the part of the system where we would review the content of that of the system.
[447.03] And well, and automating on post and manual intervention flag. Let's, let's go first with these 789, which these 789 would be this part where I have the Shopify check here.
[458.19] Here, I check if that order is already in delivered or if the package is already arrived. So, well, I look forward in the table, wait one day, and if it's sent, I create a dynamic email for them where I say, hey, you should have received the package by now.
[477.43] Please remember to mention us, upload it to your stories, and your posts, and so on. So, well, I update that data that it already arrived in air table that the package already arrived and on what day.
[489.69] And here we do a daily process to get the mentions from that, from that client. So, well, here, we get that data where we get both the Instagram posts and we match that information with what we have here in air table.
[504.23] So if we find a match where we're waiting for a person to mention us and they've already mentioned a post, it updates an air table.
[512.65] Both to create this new mentions table, which would be this one where we're going to show each of those images and mentions in the gallery and here's the mention counter where I would have for both the counter and how many times they've posted and how many stories they've uploaded.
[532.47] So, well, it would be in this part and, well, we have the mentions history, which would be a different webhook here.
[538.53] Here, a notification would alert me when someone mentions me through a story. We take care of capturing, uh, who tagged me, and we take care of saving those stories in air table, and also for updating the story.
[551.87] So, this would be that part too. It works just like the stories and the posts. In the stories, the number would update, the counter would update, and the stories would appear here.
[563.43] Here in the gallery, this is a story, and this is a post, for example. Airtable doesn't allow me to uh show actual Instagram embeds, but it lets me see the post itself.
[574.97] We'd have to click to see it. But stories do work since it's a public link where we upload that data.
[584.73] We also have here, finally, what would be part number 9, which would be an automated non-post-unfollow, which in this case would be if the influencer has already gone two days to remind them and we have the schedule trigger, it's called it noon, we check which influencer still need to mention us and 
[602.55] it's been more than two days since they received that package or were reminded. We have a filter here to to pass those two days and here we automatically create an email for them where Remind them to upload those Stories or posts about the package they received so well, and it would be like that constantly
[627.15] until the client uploads that story and that mention So, well, the mentions and post-part, I mean, the mentions for both post and history already, they're prepared to receive the client's notifications.
[641.13] We're waiting for the client to reach that point. To start getting that feedback, and well, this would be each of those processes, but the scale overview.
[653.51] And, well, we also have that manual intervention part if the influencer doesn't respond. initial sequence, third party, third party, manual intervention, Sydney flag.
[662.83] So well, this would be the part where, for example, if and more than, I don't know, four or three mentions have passed, we can have an intervention done.
[674.97] So, well, this is what we currently have, these four automations, plus the part that would be each of the tables and an explanation of the processes we've carried out and how the table is managed and how we can see it.
[687.17] So well, this would be an idea of what happens in the system when we click a proof.
